So now I want to take a minute and revisit a concept that we covered
in detail within the last course in this path.
And that is this: That managing infrastructure should be as
easy as managing your application code.
Now,
one of the reasons we say that is because we get to now take
advantage of our development workflow when we're talking about
creating our infrastructure in AWS.
And this includes aspects like using version control,
having collaborative review, automated testing, and continuous delivery.
So here, when we're talking about infrastructure as code,
what we mean is this approach of managing our infrastructure and its
configuration in human‑readable definition files instead of manually
launching and configuring infrastructure,
I just want to revisit quickly some of the challenges that can
happen when you're not using infrastructure as code.
So, first of all,
you have a separate deployment workflow for your infrastructure and your code.
That means it's very likely that the two can get out of sync.
But here, within infrastructure as code,
you can have a deployment workflow that can be unified
between both your infrastructure and your code so you can
deploy both of them at the same time.
Within manual infrastructure, you're almost always having manual processes,
and we know the human processes and manual things
that we have to do are error prone.
But with infrastructure as code, if done correctly,
there is no need for manual processes.
Next, within manual infrastructure,
our environments can easily get out of sync with how they were
configured initially. It could be that someone went and changed
something in production to fix an issue, but then we didn't see
that same change replicated within our QA and our staging and our
development environments.
But with infrastructure as code,
we see our workflow being unified, manual processes are eliminated,
and because of that,
our environments can stay in sync. With manual infrastructure, we can
see our environment configuration drift over time,
meaning that it's different from how it was initially configured.
But with infrastructure as code,
we can actually do drift detection with many infrastructure as code
solutions, and especially here with AWS CloudFormation,
we can make sure that our environments are working
as they were configured to work.
In addition, with manual infrastructure,
standing up new environments is time consuming and error prone.
But if you're following infrastructure as code, launching
a new environment is quick and easy.
And I think one of the things we'll see here with this example is the testing
that they're doing for Globomantics makes it very easy to spin up an
environment to do a POC in and to help you validate whether or not this concept
and approach makes sense for your organization.
But I want to take a minute and talk about TypeScript and
its role with infrastructure as code.
So here within this course,
I'm gong to be using TypeScript for the infrastructure as code.
And that's what you would expect.
That's what this course is about.
But I'm also going to be using it here for the APIs and for the web server.
It's going to be used here end to end.
And I think this is one of the benefits of TypeScript and where we're at
within the technology landscape today. I'm working, apart from what I'm
doing with Pluralsight, I'm working right now to build out a large‑scale
multi‑tenant SaaS application.
And here's the thing. I'm using TypeScript throughout.
TypeScript with the CDK for the infrastructure.
I'm using TypeScript with Lambda to actually build out my API
tier. And I'm even using TypeScript within a React
application to build out the front end.
So, with this,
we're seeing the ability to now unify the technology that we're
using across every tier of our application.
And I think this is one of the great advantages of using the CDK. And even
we're seeing organizations embrace what we would call monorepos, where you
have your CDK code living alongside your API code and your front‑end code,
and there's a unified build process for all of those different tiers. So I
would encourage you to embrace concepts like this when you're building your application with the CDK.